Namespace element bindings on component refs (#87)
mubanjs/muban: CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/), and this project
adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## Unreleased

### Breaking

#### Namespace element bindings on component refs

> To avoid child component props to clash with the parent component props when using a reserved binding name
> the new `$element` namespace was created, inside you'll have access to the ref component element bindings,
> outside, the component props
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To avoid child component props to clash with DOM bindings when using a reserved binding name
the new `$element` namespace was created. Inside you'll have access to the ref component element bindings,
and outside the component props are available.

```
